ModelSelector (#66)
openfun/ralph: CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

### Added

> - Model selector to retrieve the associated model for a given event

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Model selector to retrieve the associated pydantic model of a given event
```

Author: Good catch) Thanks)
